docs fix for doubleMean description (#11513)
apache/druid: docs/querying/aggregations.md

### `doubleMean` aggregator

Computes and returns arithmetic mean of a column values as 64 bit float value. `doubleMean` is a query time aggregator only. It is not available for indexing.

> To accomplish mean aggregation on ingestion, refer to the [Quantiles aggregator](https://druid.apache.org/docs/latest/development/extensions-core/datasketches-quantiles.html#aggregator) from the DataSketches extension.

Reviewer: The additional sentence looks good. Just to make this link more robust, we should use the following format:
  
```suggestion
To accomplish mean aggregation on ingestion, refer to the [Quantiles aggregator](../development/extensions-core/datasketches-quantiles.md#aggregator) from the DataSketches extension.
```
